# Overview
This is a repository for data and code used in analysis for the author's manuscript, "Testing feeding rate and resource trade-off as mechanisms driving the increased disease of _Daphnia_ exposed to _Chaoborus_ cues."
A draft of the manuscript can be provided upon request. My master's thesis was based on the same work and [can be found here](http://ideals.illinois.edu/items/127368).
Some reworking of code was necessary to optimize the files for GitHub; this appears to have minorly affected analyses. The state of the analyses in the thesis should be considered authoritative.
This notice will be removed when the models are returned to their previously published state (or their current state is shown to be more accurate!).

# Abstract
1.  Predators frequently affect their prey through non-consumptive pathways. These non-consumptive effects can cause shifts in behavior and physiology that alter the disease dynamics in the prey population. In the *Chaoborus*–*Daphnia*–*Metschnikowia* predator–prey-host–pathogen system, the presence of *Chaoborus* cues increases the susceptibility of *Daphnia* to infection by *Metschnikowia*, but the mechanism of this effect is still unknown.
2.  This study investigated two potential mechanisms. Firstly, it has been hypothesized, but not directly tested, that the non-consumptive effect on infection is the result of increased spore encounter due to elevated feeding rate, either from increased foraging behavior or from increased body size in the presence of the cue. Secondly, we hypothesize that the morphological defenses reported to be produced in the presence of *Chaoborus* kairomone cause a resource allocation trade-off between anti-predator defense and immune function.
3.  We tested both hypotheses by rearing *Daphnia dentifera* in a factorial design in the presence/absence of *Chaoborus* kairomone and the presence/absence of *Metschnikowia* spores, measuring life history traits, morphology, and feeding rate.
4.  While *Chaoborus* kairomone did increase infection rate, our results did not support either hypothesis. Feeding rate did not increase in response to kairomone exposure, nor was it predictive of infection. The increase in infection from kairomones was seen despite no main effect of kairomone on anti-predator morphology and *Metschnikowia* showed no significance in main effects or interactions with kairomone, which would be expected in a trade-off.
5.  While the mechanism of the *Chaoborus* kairomone on *Daphnia* infection remains unknown, we have tested and provided evidence against two likely hypotheses as to its functioning.

